5.0.1 (#44)
MetaMask/post-message-stream: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [5.0.1]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Fix `WindowPostMessageStream` parameter documentation ([#43](https://github.com/MetaMask/post-message-stream/pull/43))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Security
- Fix `WindowPostMessageStream` parameter documentation ([#43](https://github.com/MetaMask/post-message-stream/pull/43))
  - The security implications of the `targetOrigin` and `targetWindow` parameters were mischaracterized in the [5.0.0] documentation.
```
